#Resource overview

###### *version :2.0.1beta   Update:2019-3-19*

In the LayaAir3D world, the main types of resources used in development are scenarios, presuppositions, model grids, material balls, texture maps, and animation files. Various types of resources will be explained in detail in subsequent corresponding courses, but not in depth here. In this section, we will introduce the various files generated by the LayaAir export tool in Unity and the corresponding loading methods.

###Resource type

`.ls`For scenario files, select when exporting Scene categories. It includes all kinds of data, illumination mapping, model, location and so on. Need to use**Scene3D**Class loading.

`.lh`To preset the file, select the Sprite3D category to be generated when it is exported. There is a lack of scenario information, and other features are the same as. LS files, but need to be used**Sprite3D**Class loading.

`.lm`For model data files, they are usually converted into FBX format. have access to**MeshSprite3D**Class loading.

`.lmat`Material data file is the material information set for the model in Unity. Loading. LS or. LH files automatically loads. lmat files to produce material. have access to**BaseMaterial**Class to load.

`.lani`For animation data files. If there is animation on the model, the animation configuration file will be generated after export, which contains the animation frame data. Load can be used**Animation Clip**Class to load.

`.jpg`,`.png`,`.ltc`,`.ktx`,`.pvr`Wait for the map file. If a map is used, the unit will generate a map file after exporting. have access to**Texture2D**Class to load.